Hey
Mr. Ye, if Wang Yongchuan loses
Then it will be included in the name of Dongying
Winner undecided
Say this now
Too early
Dongying made a mistake
You saved your life
It's a pity that you just don't know how to cherish it.
He actually joined forces to see through the camp under the curtain
Dongying has been doing evil for decades
Killed countless heroic dancers
The price is long overdue
Okay, then let's see who gave birth today
Who died?
Blue square and red square start
Your father
He used to be a martial arts master
If that year
He is willing to submit to our Dongying
Your mother?
It won't be without force
Died tragically in the hospital
Playing with yin photos is really shameless
We Dongying people are not like Wang Yuanjiang
A person who values fame more than anything else
Even happier than your own family
Oops oops